Create external-marketplace-integration-app-graphql-api.md (#1727)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Integration-Guides/external-marketplace-integration-guide/external-marketplace-integration-app-graphql-api.md

---

> title: "Integration app GraphQL API"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Marketplace Integration GraphQL API"
```

slug: "external-marketplace-integration-app-graphql-api"
hidden: false
excerpt: "GraphQL API reference for the External Marketplace integration app."
createdAt: "2025-14-02T17:00:00.000Z"
updatedAt: "2025-14-02T17:00:00.000Z"
---

> This GraphQL API can retrieve and change the external marketplace integration settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document outlines the GraphQL API for managing external marketplace integrations within the VTEX ecosystem, provided via the [mkp-app-template](https://github.com/vtex/mkp-app-template) app template. The API enables querying and modifying integration settings, including sales channel configurations, affiliate mappings, and account details.
```
